[feat] Support multiple job submissions when slurm's job submit limit is reached (#1704)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/config_reference.rst

   In such cases, you may set this parameter to ``true`` to avoid this.

.. js:attribute:: .schedulers[].resubmit_on_qos_errors

   :required: No
   :default: ``[]``

   This option is relevant to the Slurm backends only.

>    When a job is submitted certain errors can be ignored and the framework will try to submit again the job after some seconds.

Reviewer: Not `certain` errors -> QOS errors. And we should give an example in parenthesis.

Reviewer: Or we change the option name to `resubmit_on_errors`, which I think corresponds better to what we actually do.

Author: I think it's better to rename the option to `resubmit_on_errors` and keep it more general.

>    ReFrame is checking with a regular expression if any of the given expressions is contained in the ``stderr`` of the submission command.

Reviewer: That's an implementation detail; it's not needed.

Author: Initially I wrote it so that users are careful with the string they choose to ignore. I will remove.

>    Keep in mind that the submission is blocking and ReFrame will not continue until the submission is successful or has a different error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Job submission is a synchronous operation in ReFrame.
   If this option is set, it will block the whole execution until the error conditions specified in this list are raised.
```

>    .. versionadded:: 3.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 3.5
```
